add ECG/EOG_reject_epochs parameters (#373)
mne-tools/mne-bids-pipeline: docs/source/changes.md

  [`config.crop_runs`][config.crop_runs], as it only applies to individual
  runs and not the concatenated data.
  ({{ gh(358) }} by {{ authors.hoechenberger }})

> - [`ica_reject`][config.ica_reject] now also rejects ECG/EOG epochs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ica_reject`][config.ica_reject] now also applies to ECG and EOG epochs.
```
